Hi, my name is Taj Haslani. I'm the founder of JobTalk. ai. With over 25 years of experience in recruitment industry, I have built acquired and sold multiple staffing and recruitment companies.

I sincerely appreciate you taking the time to learn about JobTalk. ai.  We have developed an innovative AI specifically designed to present our vision to you and showcase how we are transforming the recruitment industry. Please allow me to walk you through our pitch deck. Feel free to ask any questions at any point.

Thank you for your time. So JobTalk was created by recruiters for recruiters. JobTalk saves recruiters hours of cold calling, which is very boring and tedious jobs for recruiter.

It reaches potential candidates at lightning fast speed. And we'll beat their competitors before the competitors calls the same candidates. The job talk user can reach that candidate pretty fast.  So what is the challenge in today's competitive market? Recruiters have a critical one or two hour window after receiving job requests through their vendor management system, like Beeline, Fieldglass, and many other VMS vendors.

uh, MSP tools like that to source, qualify, and submit candidates. That's a very short period of window. Current tools recruiters use are like bulk emails and sending bulk as bulk SMS, which often fail to effectively engage potential candidates. So this is the problem we are trying to solve where a recruiter can reach potential job seeking candidates very, very quickly.

So what is the solution? The JobTalk solution is seamlessly integrated with ATS platforms like JobDiva, Bullhorn. JobTalk is integrated with 40 plus ATS and HRMS systems. Tell your success factors. I seem most of them.  So  job talk allows enables recruiters to take action in less than five clicks and less than five seconds with our AI powered voice agent system. 

Job talk makes AI driven phone calls to pre qualify candidates. It follows up with sending email and SMS.  AI can make hundreds of calls simultaneously and can finish 300 to 500 calls in less than 30 minutes. This is not even humanly possible for anybody to make 300 to 500 calls in 30 minutes, but AI with ability to simultaneously call hundreds of candidates, hundreds of phone numbers together at the same time can finish reaching out 500 people, candidates in about 30 minutes. 

On the call,  the AI JobTalk AI can check the availability and compensation details of the candidates. And if the availability and compensation details and the geographic location of the candidate is suitable, JobTalk AI also can conduct a. interview to make sure that candidate has all the required skills.

If the candidate goes through and passes that interview, which AI will evaluate using NLP and all the analytical tools we use, uh, internally, the AI, JobTalk AI can automatically submit candidates, uh, to recruiters or to the clients also.  So using JobTalk, It just recruiters becomes very, very efficient and very, very fast. 

Additional advantages of job talks is that instant engagement. When a candidate  applies to a job posted on staffing company or any company's career portal, within five minutes, the interviewer AI detects that new candidate and reaches out to that candidate and qualifies them for any open job.  The AI will automatically follow up with those candidates with a scheduled call, leave voicemails, follow up emails, SMS  as needed.

AI is available 24 7, 365 days, no vacation time, no holidays. A candidate can call back our AI 24 7 and AI will answer the call as if recruiter would answer the call and provide all the job details and can pre qualify the candidate as needed. Candidates, if they are during the work time, if they get any voice message or voicemail or SMS from Job Talk AI, they can respond to SMS also and AI will respond to them via SMS and answer any questions they might have.

So there are all the channels, SMS, email, WhatsApp, and, uh, Obviously, the phone call is the crux of the system here.  The benefits of using Choptalk, faster candidate engagement leads to more submittals, resulting in more interviews, and that will result into more placements and ultimately higher revenues and profits for the company.

Recruiters also benefit from increased commissions. Choptalk AI is a recruiter's best friend. helping recruiters make more placements with no extra effort while making their job easier and more enjoyable and fun.  These are our revenue projections. In 2025, we expect to reach ARR of 1. 5 million. In 2026, we reach to, uh,  We will reach to 6.7 million in 2027, around 13.3 million a RR.

Um, we are just counting onboarding 625 recruiters in year one. Year two, we'll have 2200. And in 2027, we are having only 3,300 recruiters.  If a company like ACO or Tech System or Arctic or collab one client.  use can use more than 500 recruiters and all these projections can be blown out of the proportion here and we can meet, we can,  we can reach our third year goals even in year one and two. 

For,  for seeing how much it can, uh,  A savings, a recruitment company, or a direct hire company can make using our platform. Anybody can go to jobtalk. ai slash calc and use our calculator to calculate the savings they would make. The funding requirements, we are trying to raise 5 million in our  seed round, and this money will be used to hiring the CRO, CMO, make our platform more robust, more secured, more SaaS,  Ready and we will also need to hire some a talent to build the  mobile platform and  Most of the money will go towards sales and marketing  to acquire the customers.

We aim to secure part of the investments from major staffing companies such as Adeco, TechSystem, Randstad, Beeline, uh, any, any company which has more than thousand recruiters and we would be willing to offer a discounted pricing to use our product to those investors also.  Currently, this product has been tested in last four months at our own company, AppTask, and we currently make over 10, 000 calls per day, and we are able to see significant savings and productivity increase of our recruiters. 

This is our team. Thank you very much for your time. 